Tree: a tree in computer science is indeed a collection of nodes 
        (also sometimes referred to as vertices) that are connected 
        by edges. These nodes represent elements in the tree, 
        and the edges define the hierarchical relationships between them.

if there a (N) Node/Nodes then there will be (N-1) edge/edges. 

A tree is a collection of nodes among those nodes one node takes as root node.
Rest of the node are disjoint subset known as tree or subtree.

Terminology:   
   Root:
        It is the starting point from which all other nodes descend.
        It has no parent.
        There is only one root in a tree.
        It is the entry point for traversals like BFS or DFS.
        All other nodes are direct or indirect children of the root.

  Parent: a parent is a node that has one or more child nodes 
        directly connected to it.
        
        A node is a parent if it has at least one child.
        Every node (except the root) has exactly one parent.
        A parent can have multiple children (e.g., in binary or n-ary trees).

child : a child is a node that is directly connected 
        and descended from another node, called its parent.
        
        A child has exactly one parent.
        A node can be a child and also a parent to other nodes.
        Nodes with no children are called leaf nodes.

Sibling: Childern of same parent.

Decendents: Decendents are set of node which can reached from a perticular node or 
        under that node.

Ancestors: an ancestor of a node is any node that lies on the path from 
        the root to that node, excluding the node itself.

Degree of Node: Number of direct children.

Internal Nodes (Non leaf node): an internal node (also called a non-leaf node) is any node that has at least one child.

External Node (leaf node):  an external node (also called a leaf node) is a node that does not have any children.

Level : the level of a node refers to its depth or distance from the root, measured by the number of edges from the root to that node

Height : the height of a node is the longest path (in terms of edges) from that node down to a leaf. The height of the tree is the height of the root node.

Forest: collection of trees known as Forest.